added binaries link (#457)
brimsec/zq: README.md

## Install

To install `zq`, you can

> clone the repo and compile the source.  For Windows and MacOS, there are pre-compiled binaries at [Brim](https://www.brimsecurity.com/download/).

Reviewer: hi @stevesmoot , good to see you here :) Thank you for the PR!

For zq, we have mac, windows, *and* linux binaries available at the zq Github release page https://github.com/brimsec/zq/releases . Would you mind updating to reflect that?

Author: Looks like Phil did. (Hi all!)

> clone the repo and compile the source.  For Windows and MacOS, there are pre-compiled binaries at [Brim](https://www.brimsecurity.com/download/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
clone the repo and compile the source.  For Windows and MacOS, there are pre-compiled binary [releases](https://github.com/brimsec/zq/releases).
```
